hello it is already evening I
freed from all her affairs and not
courier just recently brought a new one
box referee i i want me right away
show me with one eye literal
the sky looked want you now
tell what is there if suddenly you thought
order or not then I think you this
information will be useful do not pay
attention on Seimenta likes to sit
just like that
so let's not tighten
let's see what's in that box
as always, the design is on top
little beauty boxes like this
this whole thing unpacked she looked
so usually very cool here everything is tied up
it was ribbons all tied up all
beautifully laid out
from above was such a picture series
there about spring some words further here
It went that there are different stocks that are now
pass together with this box
and different sites and here actually
the contents let's get started by
interesting and actually we are one
here's how you see clamped this
box the most recent means here
such is such good here
present let's start from the very
the beginning.
the biggest tube is a company occasion
mizon
This Korean Brand Means Face Cream
cream gel for the face is a light formula
simple moisturizer all year round he and
this color looks very cool so
tiffany color man cream is very big
here is 50 milliliters and I think many
will appreciate this cream especially for the summer because
what is gel cream texture us
better suited for summer let's say
so I'm looking for him not particularly tried but
I think I'll try soon
Further here, too, models
Here is a moisturizing body lotion
also very big so significant
a jar of 50 milliliters I think for a long time
enough even with all this for
body lotion
but still, I think for a very long time
enough for smell now smell
so unobtrusive in principle he
present but he is very unobtrusive
even a good one, I use it as always with
these cards I'll try everything later
these means and get off of them something
I'm really interested in you about
This will tell in some separate video
or favorites in some kind of a
also refused
here is such a micellar water for
makeup remover
not a big tube 30 milliliters very
convenient I think it will take me to
the journey so most likely I have it
leave for some case when you need
will put together some kind of cycles
miniatures here too
shower oil from l'oxitan very me
interested in this particular almond oil
For shower
In general, the whole theory of oil for me
very much like it is because it
must be moisturizing so at night
it smells good and he just smells
amazing have not tried but
I will definitely try to tell you how
I liked her and I did not like
honestly thought to order full
the size of yourself such an oil because
a lot of him who praised and not in the very
it was just interesting to see
how good it is but generally
I'll try to tell you the last one too
what is there here is such a balm
lip under ios very famous testicle
which is promoted just like on
American youtube and on our already
starting
I have to spin it for sure
same I used it in
principle for me it is not enough
moisturizing this lip balm he
not enough moisturizing
which are more such some oily
probably which feed my lips better
so maybe it let me play
in some kind of giveaway maybe even
now all the rules for bill you can
read below in the description of this video
if you want to win this balm then
please read the rules follow
them and you have a chance to win this
wonderful egg that's all like that
here are five tools in this box I
noticed that in all the boxes the referee and
not very much filling but in principle
they cooperate with such pretty
no budget don't say so marks
cascades l'oxitan it's all pretty
expensive brands and miniatures they have very
such a decent person once
try to use some
time can really understand them
whether we like this tool or not
I hope this video was useful for you
You decide you want to order this.
box this month or not
put me a thumbs up and be sure
if you liked this video and
see you in the following videos